1.) Updating a lemma-meaning does not change the tooltip for other different-formed versions of that lemma in the same text (need to change updateLemmaTooltip() to look for same lemma_ids, which is not really possible without more database lookups because I purposefully do not store lemma_id's as data-attributes in the HTML) (also applies to multiword-tooltips)

3.) the multiword-annotation is blocked by fullstops in the writing of Danish dates ("19. juli"), which might indicate that a better approach would be a dumb 50-words either side rather than also blocking on Unicode sentence-boundaries.

7.) Searching for English words on the PONS German dictionary usually fails if they are normal full entries, so the structure of that type of page must be different, but searching for German words on the PONS Polish or whatever dictionaries just give normal German -> Polish results, so this is not really a problem because it's not meant for looking up English words and anyway you can do that with the dict.cc one

8.) would possibly be a good idea to add a "default meaning" checkbox to the lemma_translation interface, so that if one first comes across a very rare sense of a word and assigns it to meaning_no 1 not all further occurences of the more common meaning of said word will be auto-annotated wrongly and require manual intervention. Currently if you switch the meanings around it will mess up all the previous occurences which have been manually-annotated.

9. word-internal full-stops don't cause word-breaking, because ICU's BreakIterator doesn't view these as word-boundaries (similar to apostrophes). This is rarely a serious problem but ideally I need a BreakIterator that just has `[\p{Letter}]+` as the rule for what not to break on. Otherwise I would need to find another extremely obscure punctuation-letter to replace the full-stops with in order to get them to cause breaking, so it may be easier to just dispense with the BreakIterator altogether and do it manually using that regex


11.) Wiktionary parser has an unignored element that shows up in the scraped text, occurs with Russian опираться

12.) It's very rarely possible for an undefined value to appear in the sozdik.kz dictionary-result but I can't remember which word triggers it

13.) when you click on a multiword-lemmatised word and then switch to the single lemma-translation interface-box, the underlining for that word disappears until you rehover over it again or close the interface

14.) the MW double-tooltip bug has been fixed, but if you add a single-lemma annotation to the first word of an existing multiword-annotation then it gets rid of the MW tooltip in favour of the new single-lemma tooltip, which is not really the correct behaviour

15.) The German method of auto-pulling-in noun-lemmas which are stored capitalised in the table relies on using the property of SQLite's SELECT WHERE LIKE 'query' which defaults to being case-insensitive, but only for ASCII characters, so this won't work for words like Ueberlegung, which is an unacceptably inconsistent behaviour.

16. The Philolog scraper will be unusable in instances like searching for ὁδός, because it selects the first alphabetical in its list of candidates which uses a normalised version of the search term that ignores breathings etc., so ὁδός gives as its first option ὀδός, v. οὐδός, i.e. a variant spelling of the word for threshold with no rough-breathing. Need some way of displaying the sidebar list of terms like on the website to select between options
